Let's now move on
with building our description section.
This is where we left off.
And the first thing that I wanna do
is to simply format these paragraphs,
but they actually don't need much formatting.
All we want to do here is to give them
a little margin to the bottom.
So let's do that.
And I would like to copy this here.
So, PARAGRAPH, and since we're doing that,
let me also put the LIST here.
And also the RECOMMEND.
All right, so paragraph...
And actually all we want is to give them a margin
at the bottom, because the last one shouldn't have any.
And so we can do that, we did it
a lot of times before, so not the last-child.
And that's actually it.
So when we have multiple paragraphs,
we want them to have a margin at the bottom,
but not the last one, okay?
And so that's what we have here.
And so here we go.
Well, actually it has a margin here, this last one,
and that's actually because it's not the last-child
of this container,
we should put here instead, is last-of-type.
Now there are only two paragraphs,
and the last one of them will not have the margin.
Now the margin is gone here, all right.
So last-child applies to all of the children
of the current element, while last-of-type applies only
to all of the same type of element.
Okay, and now arrow list.
So let's take a look at how it looks like.
It has this margin here on top and at the bottom,
and it also has this gray line again, okay.
And then it has four of these items on each side,
and also this small icon here,
but that's the last thing that we're gonna take care of.
So let's start with these lines
and by putting them here side-by-side.
So, list.
We want it to have a margin
at the top and the bottom of 3rem, and zero,
of course, on the side.
And the first thing actually
is we don't want it to have any list-style,
so these small bullets are gone.
So that is the margin,
and then we also want some inner whitespace,
so padding, 3rem, as well.
And now we want the border.
And actually a border-top, and border-bottom.
And now here we can use the variable
that we defined before.
Very simple, instead of having it to write out all again,
it's now as simple as that.
Okay, let's take a look at that.
That's a lot better already.
So we gave it some whitespace here inside,
so padding, then the border, and then the margin
to create the margin here, and down here as well.
Now, next step, we want to put
these elements here side-by-side.
What we gonna do here is, once again, to use flex-box.
So, display, flex.
So how is that gonna look like?
Well, it simply tries to cram all
of these elements beside one another,
but there's actually not really enough space here.
So this really looks kind of terrible,
but we have a solution for that, remember?
So what we can say
is flex-wrap,
and then allow these elements to wrap to new lines.
All we have to say is wrap,
and then this is going to happen like this.
It's still not perfect of course,
but you see here that we have one element here,
then it finishes, and then the next one starts,
and the then it finishes, and the next one starts.
We can actually take a look at that in the Inspector.
Here you see how these elements are now side-by-side,
but in different lines, in different rows.
Now there's actually an easy fix for that
Can you think of how we can fix this?
Well, all we have to do really
is to give each of these list items a fixed width, right?
And then, like that, they will all look the same
because they will all have the same width.
So, let's actually do that.
And so, it's our list item.
And, again, we're not using the width property here,
but instead the flex.
So don't grow, don't shrink,
and the width should be 50 percent.
And why is that?
Well, it's because we want to have
two elements side-by-side.
And so 100 percent of width divided by two
gives us 50 percent, so let's check it.
So this is what we want, right?
We can actually inspect it,
and now we see that each of these
has the same width,
which is exactly 50 percent of the containers,
so of the flex container of all of these elements.
This was the first time that we use flex-wrap here
and I hope you see how useful it can be
in a real-life situation here.
Now let's just give these a small margin at the bottom.
Like seven pixels, so .7rem.
And then, after that, all that's really left to do
is to add these icons here.
So these ones here.
This icon here is actually one of our SVG icons.
Now this time I don't wanna use them in HTML,
because I don't wanna have to use
like eight SVG elements in the HTML,
and then mess around with all that.
So, instead, what I'm gonna do
is to use this icon right in CSS.
Now, in CSS it's really difficult to use a sprite image
like we did in the HTML, remember?
So this sprite file here, which has all of our icons,
is what we used in HTML.
But here in CSS, it's actually much easier
to use this single icon itself.
And since we're only using one icon here, so one SVG file,
it's really no difference to include just the icon itself
or just the sprite image,
because we're only using one icon anyway.
So the one that we want is called the chevron-right.
And it comes here from this folder
that we copied here.
So it's this: "chevron-thin-right.SVG".
I copied it in here so that we can use it directly
from this folder, and then we can delete actually
this SVG folder because we don't need this anymore.
Actually let's look at the code here of our sprite file.
Because remember that I said that SVG
is basically just a way to write vector icons,
or any vector image in code.
So this is the code for all of our 10 icons.
I don't wanna go deep into this.
I just wanted to show you that it is indeed code,
and a lot of numbers, as you can see.
All right, so how do we actually include
an SVG file in our CSS?
Well, it's very similar to just any other regular image.
So the easiest way is to use a background-image.
So let's do that.
And we're going to do that in a before pseudo-element.
So,
item.
Before.
Basically, before each of these item elements
we create a small pseudo-element,
which then will have this background image.
And that's a better and cleaner practice
than putting it directly on the item.
We use background-image
to include the icon.
And now we actually have to go up one level,
because we're in the sass file, or in the CSS file,
so, technically, we're gonna be in the CSS file
because that's where the compiled file lives.
So we are in the CSS folder,
then we have to move up one level
to the main project folder,
and then go into img,
and chevron-thin-right.
So, img, and for some reason it's not recognizing the path.
So to write it out here,
thin-right.SVG,
I hope that's correct.
Yeah, it looks so.
Now this is the easiest way and...
Well, it's not really working.
And, yeah, of course it's not,
because remember we always have to specify
the content property.
So setting it to empty.
And also, since we're at it,
let's put it as an inline-block,
and give it a height and a width.
So let's say one rem,
or we can make it a bit bigger here actually for starters,
just to see it better what's going on,
and I'm gonna reduce it down later.
So 2rem, and then just a small margin on the right.
Like seven pixels,
so to create a margin between the icon and the text.
so let's check that out now.
And yeah, here we go.
So these arrow icons a little bit too big,
but you see that it works.
So this arrow before elements, so you see here it is.
Now there is actually a problem with this approach,
because if we include it as a background image,
then we have no way of actually changing the color.
Now if that's not a problem, then we can of course
go ahead and make it like this.
But in our case, we really want it to be
this pink color, like this.
And so what we have to do is to use a different approach,
and that approach will include masks.
So this here is the approach for older browsers
because the masks do only work in really modern browsers,
so for older browsers we can use the background-image.
And since we're at it, we should also set
the background-size then to cover.
But, for newer browsers,
we use masks.
So I'm gonna remove this part here,
and a little bit later in, another lecture,
I'm gonna add a feature query saying that
if the mask property is supported,
then use the mask, and if not,
then use the background-image.
But for now, let's just comment it out
and do it here with the masks
because that's the best approach.
Now, what is actually a mask?
Well, basically a mask defines an area
where we can look through the element
and see what's behind that element.
So, basically, what we're gonna do
is to set the background-color of this element
to a solid color, and then use the icon as the mask.
And so we can then look through that mask, basically,
and see the background color in the area where the icon is
and everything else is covered,
and so it's just gonna be white.
Okay?
Does it make sense?
So let's start by adding that background-color.
Actually it's missing the color part here.
And so that's going to look like in that case.
Now we're going to put our mask on top of this,
and only in the positions where the icon is.
We will then be able to look through that mask
and see that pink background color,
and the rest will be covered.
So it's basically a bit like clipping
that we did before in the other project.
So, let's try that out.
Right now it only works in WebKit browsers,
so we have to use the "webKit" prefix.
So, mask-image.
And then it's just the exact same way as before.
So all we have to do is to include this file.
And that's it.
And then another thing that we can do
is to say
webkit
mask-size.
And that's also very similar to background-size.
So we can use cover here
so that the icon covers the entire element.
And as you'll see, this is already enough to make this work.
All right, here we go.
So, once again, this entire square
that we had before is still here, this pink square,
but we now can only see it in the places
where the mask allows us to see through.
And that's exactly where the icon is located.
Let's now decrease the square,
and then it all should decrease.
And that's because of the mask size property.
let's check that.
Without the mask size it would look like this,
because the icon is actually larger than the one rem here,
but with mask-size, which behaves like background-size,
we can unuse cover and that fixes it.
And so that's a great solution to the problem
that with background-image we cannot change
the color in CSS.
So masks can be a great tool to have
in your in your toolset.
And actually I'm gonna put it here also,
without the prefix,
so, basically for the future when all
the other browsers start implementing this as well.
And with that, we're actually done with the list.
So that's our code for the list.
Again we're gonna use a feature query here later
to make this part here active for the older browsers
who do not support the masks.
But let's leave that for later
and move on now to the RECOMMEND component.
First of all, let's give it
a slightly smaller font-size of 1.3rem,
and also another text color,
so to make it a little bit lighter.
The one that I want is this one.
Now, as for the photos, let's actually format them
before we format anything else
because they're these huge looking images,
which are like way too big.
So let's just give them a height of only 4rem,
and a width of 4rem as well,
and a border-radius of 50 percent
in order to make them round.
And then the other selectors that we have here are...
Let's see.
So we have recommend__count, friends, and photo.
So we have count and friends missing.
Okay, so let's check that out.
And here we go, here we have the text
and it's way too light, so I'm gonna change it in a second,
And then you have these images.
And they're of course on different lines
because they're both block elements.
So this one here, and then this box,
so they should be side-by-side.
Let's once again get help from our friend, flex-box.
Display, flex.
This one here should actually be dark and not light.
So let's take a look at that.
All right, they're side-by-side now already.
Now these images they're also here
like on top of each other, like this,
so, slightly overlapping.
And we can simply do that by giving them
a negative right margin.
So by giving, like this image here imagine
a right margin it then moves to the right
in this direction overlapping with this one.
So all of them should have a negative right margin,
except the last one here
because we want this one right at this side.
So, photo, I'd select all of them except the last one.
So not the last-child.
So margin-right,
minus 1.5
rem.
And actually..
Yeah, this is what we want.
Okay, that looks good, but not perfect.
Because here we also have this white border here,
so that's just a white border
that's going around of all of these images,
and so that creates this effect
looking like they are all on top of each other.
So let's add that as well.
So, border, three pixel solid, and just white,
because that's the background color
of the container as well.
All right, so here we go.
Now, actually we saw that now these images are,
they look like they are smaller, right?
Let's check that out.
But this is the border,
and the border actually goes into these images.
So you see that when the border is active
the image basically shrinks.
And so we have now two options to fix that,
we could either add these three pixels here
on the height and width, or we can do it automatically.
Let's do that automatically
by using the box-sizing property.
Remember, we set the box-sizing
to all the elements to border-box,
and what border-box does is that it includes the padding
and the border into the width and height of the element.
And that's usually exactly what we want.
But in this situation, it's not what we want.
In this situation we want the border
to be added on top of our height and the width.
And so we can set it back to the default, basically.
So, box-sizing, content-box, which is the default.
So if we check it out now,
you see that it looks different.
And so let me take out the border here,
And so you see that the images stayed the exact same size.
So, great.
Now, next step we should probably vertically center
these two elements here, and then push this box here
all the way to the right side.
So that's pretty easy right now,
since we are already using flex-box here,
and so all we have to do is align-items,
set it to center,
and then we want to create that space between them.
Now, how do we do that?
Well, we already did it before,
and so I really hope you remember this amazing trick
that I showed you, and what helps us doing exactly that.
So, do you remember it?
Well, we just have to say margin-right,
on the count, because that's the element
which holds the text.
So, margin-right,
auto.
And that is actually it.
So if you check it out now here on the count
you see, with the orange color there,
the margin which was automatically calculated
to push the recommend__friends box
all the way to the right side.
So, great, right?
So really a cool tool, once again.
And with that, we actually finished
this section of the website, so it's now ready.
Let's take a look at the original,
and you see that it's exactly the same.
So, great job, once again,
I hope you're getting better and better at flex-box,
and see how all these flex-box properties come together
in different situations in order to create the layouts
and components that we want.
Okay, so, that's it.
If you wanna now remove this ugly green element here,
then you can just come with me right to the next lecture
and create the reviews here that we want
to have in this section.